Practice Details
Services
Individual, Couples and Family counseling (ages 13+).
I offer a FREE 30-minute phone consultation in order for us to get to know one another and to see if
we are a good match.
All sessions are 60 minutes unless otherwise specified

Fees
I offer a sliding fee scale to ALL clients and ask clients to choose the amount they can afford within
the range of $45-$120 for a 60 minute session.
Accepted methods of payment: Cash, Check, Venmo, Square Cash, Paypal
If you wish to use your insurance to help with the cost of therapy, I will provide a statement for you
to submit to your insurer for reimbursement. I am not on any preferred provider or managed-care
lists and am considered an out-of-network provider. If you plan to use your insurance, I suggest
you contact them to ask about your coverage in advance.
Location
I travel to my clients (some choose their home or work, others choose a cafe, the library, a park if
weather cooperates, etc.) - as long as it is safe and reasonable. I gave up a formal office years ago so
clients can choose a location that feels comfortable. It also helps keep costs down so I can continue
to offer a sliding fee to all of my clients.
Online Counseling Available for Colorado Residents
Online therapy provides a way for us to connect using Skype, FaceTime or Zoom. Online counseling
is best when:
* You have complicated scheduling issues
* You have a disability or chronic health problem that makes it difficult to leave your home
* You are unable to drive
* You live in a rural location with limited transportation options
* You are a parent or caregiver with very little time to go out for appointments alone
* You are on vacation &amp; don&#39;t want to miss a session
Cancellations
Your appointment time has been reserved just for you. If you need to cancel, I ask that you let me
know at least 24 hours before your session time. If you miss your session or cancel with less than
24 hours’ notice, a “missed session” fee will be assessed.
Areas of Focus

 Abuse survivors
 Anxiety

 Career/college planning
 Communication

 Divorce
 Family Conflict
 Gap Year Planning
 Life Transitions
 Premarital counseling
 Relationships
 Retirement
 Self Esteem
 Self-harm
 Stress
 Teen Issues
 Women’s Issues

Sample Presentation &amp; Workshop Topics
o Active Parenting
o Family Communication
o Healthy &amp; Unhealthy Relationships
o Identifying Abusive or Controlling Partners
o Know Yourself &amp; Others with the Meyers-Briggs Type Indicator (MBTI)
 Career Planning
 Communication Styles
 Conflict Management
 Leadership Styles
 Team Building
o Power Dynamics in Parenting: Creating Peace with Your Teenager
o Self-Defeating Behaviors
o Sexual Harassment &amp; Assault: Risks &amp; Prevention
o Surviving Emotional Vampires
o Teens Take Risks: When to be Concerned
o Toxic Friendships
o Understanding Self-Harm
o When Life Gets Tough: Challenging Negative Thinking

Past Workshop &amp; Speaker Clients Include:
Boys &amp; Girls Club of Park County
Arvada, Conifer, Dakota Ridge, Deer Creek, Evergreen, Platte Canyon High Schools
Elk Creek, Marshdale, W. Jefferson Elementary Schools
Evergreen, Fitzsimmons, N. Arvada, W. Jefferson Middle Schools
Family Tree
I Love you Guys Foundation
Jefferson County School District
MOPS of Conifer, Colorado
Mountain Resource Center
Rocky Mountain Academy
